So where are you successful.
Here's my solution.
We should add the input field so I'll add a horizontal line again just to have some separation and then
lie in PADFIELD The label of course is optional.
I want to use or to enter a username so let's add an input which receives this class and which is form
control.
If we say it doesn't have a look at our application this is how it looks like.
Now if you don't want to have it sit directly on the edges.
You can of course add some bootstrap styling Judah's So maybe a container with a row inside of it and
then call Access 12 class.
So feel free to wrap your content in there.
It's not required for the solution of this of course so that we get our input field here with the username.
Now let's bind this user name to a property of our typescript file.
So here I will add a new property to my app component and I will name this property username.
This will be a string and will set it to an empty string initially like this.
Now we learned that we can use two binding to bind to this.
So on my input here I'll add to it binding by adding square brackets and then parentheses does this
to her binding syntax and then Engy model.
Now with that added I can bind to my username like this.
Now important for Engy model to work.
You need to make sure that in your app module you have forms module added to the imports because the
energy model directive technically is part of the form's module provided by angular.
So make sure that you have this you should have it there by default when using a Selye project and then
with that we should update the user name on every keystroke.
Now to be able to see that I'll add a paragraph below to input and here I want your output username.
Now with that being output here we can save this Enge it serves.
It should be running of course and we should see that if y enter super max here we see it below the
input.
So the first two tasks here are solved.
Now let's add the button.
So we'll add a button below the paragraph where I will say reset user and this button will first of
all receive some bootstrap class Button button primary to make it look nice.
But more importantly we should disable it if the user name is empty.
Now how can we do that.
We have learned that we can bind to the disabled property.
Now even though we use that a couple of times that's of course not the only property you can bind to
but it's the one we will need here now disabled because said does able to some property which is true
or false or we directly set it to True or false.
But as I explained between the quotation marks.
You simply have an expression which resolves to True or false.
Now since we want to disable this if the user name is empty we could simply check that between the quotation
marks here so we could say disable this username.
This property is equal to an empty string.
So two single quotation marks inside here with this expression This will return true if username is
empty.
Therefore then this button will be disabled.
Otherwise it will be false and the button will be enabled.
Let's see if this works as expected.
After saving this the button is indeed disabled at the beginning because username clearly is an empty
string.
But as soon as I type anything in here you see it gets enabled.
So this is how we can use proper keybinding again with any expression which returns us to value the
property we're binding to expect.
So in the case of disabled.
True or false.
Now with that we get this solved to.
Now we should also add a click listener to this button so that we can reset the user name once we do
click the button.
So you went finding with normal parentheses.
Let's spined to collect for this.
And here we could call on reset a method where we then set the user name equal to an empty string.
But since it is all we're going to do I can also just say username equals empty string.
And now don't mistake this for the syntax we use here on the disable property.
There we have three equal signs to check something.
Here we have one equals sign to assign a value.
With this in place we should now be able to go back to the application and super max here and if I click
reset user it's empty and aboutness disabled again because we reset the user string and that is our
assignment on data binding solved.
I hope you enjoyed it.